What is it guys and welcome back.
So in this video we're going to be very king up with our this burden rate here so that if someone is
on a mobile device he should see he should be taking to the page and if someone is on computer he should
see a pop up.
So let's go ahead and let's get at it with elementary.
OK.
And now here I
want to come here and you can see dead on mobile.
This is basically hidden.
OK.
So what I want to do.
I just want to go ahead and I want to just hit it rigid.
I basically want to copy this which I want to duplicate this widget so I'm going to come here.
I'm going to hit this and I'm going to placate.
OK so you can see that.
Another one is right here.
OK.
And here I want this to be slash higher dash me.
So like this.
I want to go down and I want to do it with this guy right here.
I want to come here.
I want to come here to duplicate and this is right here.
OK.
And the first one should be having hash higher.
That's going to trigger the pop up.
And the second one is going to be higher than me.
OK.
So how this is going to work.
We have to do some changes right now.
OK so let's go to here let's see him here.
And this is the hashtag High me that is going to trigger the pop up.
OK.
So for this we wanted to pop up to be triggered only on desktop and tablet.
So this should be disabled on phone.
And we've found the link to be redirected on mobile devices.
OK.
So this will disable this will be disabled on desktop and on tablet same like that we have to do this
right here.
OK.
So let's select this.
And you can see that this hashtag hire me is going to trigger the pop up.
So this higher means should be disable on phone.
OK.
Let's get to here hashtag our height on mobile and this redirecting this is going to redirect slash
hire me.
Or you can enter the full UI trail.
Basically I'm using the slash hire me.
This means that if this is written in it and deal dot com and slash hire me add a slash hire me to my
Web site.
OK so this is basically used for that.
So now what I want to do I want this to be only enabled on mobile device.
Let's go ahead and this.
This will only be enabled on mobile device or this will be hidden on desktop and tablet.
OK let's go ahead and let's save let's get him here and let's refresh this page so on refreshing you'll
see only one button is appearing.
OK.
Only one button will also appear right here.
This is triggering this is triggering the What's this is triggering the pop up.
You can see here hashtag higher means coming.
And if I bring them out here this is triggering the pop up.
OK.
So let's click this.
You can see that pop up is appearing.
Let's go down and let's click this.
You can see pop up is appearing OK if race just do this and I increase the size to be like tablet mode.
I want to be the tablet mode.
OK.
So on tablet you can see that pop up is still coming and here as well pop up is going OK.
And if it is the mobile device.
So this is the mobile device.
If I click here you can see that it is redirecting me to the higher rates.
This is outrageous you can do unlimited Things Guys seriously.
You can see that pop up will not be open on a mobile device.
If I go down in a case like this it is taking me to the higher me.
So this is how you manage this.
You create Dubard and separately and one button will be visible for desktop and the other one bill so
that the first Briton is going to trigger the pop up and the second one is going to do that.
So this is how you can manage everything.
So now we're totally done over the upside.
OK.
This is how we are done.
Now we also have to make some changes to the dimensions right here so I want to align I want to assign
this to be the services so I'll just add the CCS effect to be hash Service see him here let's go dear
and we want to add this to be about.
So I want to come here I want to just select this and this is basically set to about if I just come
here to advance you can see that this Yesus ID is about I go down and this is the one disservice.
So I want to game here to style.
I wanted to go to advance and I want to add this.
Assess what I can do about what I can do about this is this 80 should be service a CRV.
Yes sir it says OK.
And this should be follow EF 0 0 0.
And this should be the call direction so we don't want anyone to call to action.
So what I'm going to do I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit save OK.
And now I want to go to this guy right here and I want to go to menus.
So in the menu one very quick this.
OK.
What I have to do I have to change the services.
And on this
it should not take me to a page.
Ok musically what I won I wanted the Customize so I'm going to go ahead.
I'm going to hit remove.
I am going to hit remove and I'm also going to remove to the blog as well.
And the contact as well.
OK.
I want to go down and here it is the custom lengths.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm just going to add the you or L So my word is going to be for services.
It should be services.
OK Alex link text is going to be services.
OK.
And then I also want to add one more.
And that is going to be about.
Sorry.
This is going to be hashtag about.
OK.
And this name is going to be about.
I also want to add one more and that is going to be find us on find us not us so on OK.
And this is going to be follow hashtag follow because we added that follow like so I'm going to go ahead.
I'm going to add too many and I'm going to bring this to upgrade here.
This should be OK.
This should be low.
Let's go let's save money on and then let's come here.
Let's come here and let's view our page.
So now you can see how this is going to look if I just click about it's going to take me to the About
section if I just click services.
It's going to take me to the services section and if I just like find a sign it's going to take me to
the follow me on Section 2.
This is how it works.
So thanks a lot guys for watching.
Still here we also going to do some changes to a little bit because it was not looking cool on a mobile
device.
If I just decrease this how has it been.
I wanted the logo to be decreased Monch.
So I think logo's looking cool but if you want to decrease it we can.
Let's go ahead and let's head testimony's.
OK.
And we want to customize this logo.
So
will this be loaded.
We want to go to the header section right here.
And I want to go to logo right.
The
OK.
I want to go to tip graphy.
I don't want to go to logo right here.
So here we go.
You can see that it says font size so when I come here I want to select DeMaio.
And on mobile the française should be
as much on tablet.
It is cool.
Yes is cool.
Let's go ahead and let's see you can see that we are also on video our logo customization as well.
So this team gives you pretty VELLAR customizable.
You can customize everything and now you can see that we are totally totally done with say We have also
done with our section you can see that this we have created a one page website and this website is looking
amazing.
It's looking seriously amazing.
So now we are done with this in the next video we're going to add something to footer.
We're going to work with this for copyrights and then we're going to move forward.
Goodbye.